feat: adds text for external install (#7041)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/docs/product/integrations/integration-platform/public-integration.mdx

    return redirect('https://sentry.io/settings/')
```

> All public integrations can be installed on a fixed external url that you can expose to your users. That url is: `https://sentry.io/sentry-apps/<your-integration-slug>/external-install/`. For example, here is the one for `Linear`: https://sentry.io/sentry-apps/linear/external-install/. If a user has multiple organization they will be asked to pick an organization for the installation in a dropdown.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All public integrations can be installed via a fixed external url: `https://sentry.io/sentry-apps/<your-integration-slug>/external-install/`, that you can expose to users. Check out this example for `Linear`: https://sentry.io/sentry-apps/linear/external-install/. Note, if a user has multiple organizations, they'll be asked to choose the one they want for the installation from a dropdown menu.

```
